Title: The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
Description: The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.

Title: Australian Open 2025
Description: Hamas frees 4 female Israeli soldiers in exchange for 200 Palestinian prisoners as ceasefire holdsTEL AVIV, Israel (AP) — Four female Israeli soldiers who were taken in the attack that sparked the war in Gaza returned to Israel on Saturday after Hamas militants paraded them before a crowd of thousands in Gaza City and handed them over to the Red Cross. Israel later released 200 Palestinian priso

Title: Kristi Noem
Description: President Donald Trump says he’d like to see Jordan, Egypt and other Arab nations increase the number of Palestinian refugees they are accepting from the Gaza Strip — potentially moving out enough of the population to “just clean out” the war-torn area to create virtual clean slate.

Title: Tuskegee Airmen video removed
Description: The Senate has confirmed Kristi Noem as homeland security secretary, putting the South Dakota governor in charge of a sprawling agency that is essential to national security and President Donald Trump’s plans to clamp down on illegal immigration.

Title: Washington Commanders
Description: Yemen’s Houthi rebels have unilaterally released 153 war detainees. That’s according to a statement Saturday from the International Committee of the Red Cross.

Title: US-Mexico border
Description: North Korea says it tested a cruise missile system, its third known weapons display this year, and vowed “the toughest” response to what it called the escalation of U.S.

Title: AP Top News at 9:40 p.m. EST
Description: President Donald Trump is crowing about his campaign pledge to eliminate taxes on tips. But at a Las Vegas rally Saturday, he stopped well short of offering details for making the slogan a reality.

Title: Hamas frees 4 female Israeli soldiers in exchange for 200 Palestinian prisoners as ceasefire holdsTEL AVIV, Israel (AP) — Four female Israeli soldiers who were taken in the attack that sparked the war in Gaza returned to Israel on Saturday after Hamas militants paraded them before a crowd of thousands in Gaza City and handed them over to the Red Cross. Israel later released 200 Palestinian priso
Description: President Donald Trump is crowing about his campaign pledge to eliminate taxes on tips. But at a Las Vegas rally Saturday, he stopped well short of offering details for making the slogan a reality.

Title: Trump wants Jordan and Egypt to accept more refugees and floats plan to ‘just clean out’ Gaza
Description: The U.S. Air Force has removed training courses for service members that included historical videos of its storied Black Tuskegee Airmen and Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASPs — female World War II pilots.

Title: President Donald Trump says he’d like to see Jordan, Egypt and other Arab nations increase the number of Palestinian refugees they are accepting from the Gaza Strip — potentially moving out enough of the population to “just clean out” the war-torn area to create virtual clean slate.
Description: Here’s the latest for Friday, Jan. 25th: Hamas frees 4 female Israeli soldiers in exchange for 200 Palestinian prisoners; Hegseth sworn in as defense secretary; Senate confirms Noem as homeland security chief; Trump’s stop in Las Vegas will focus on tips.

Title: Senate confirms Noem as Trump’s homeland security secretary
Description: Israel’s military says it won’t complete its withdrawal from southern Lebanon by Sunday as outlined in its ceasefire agreement with Hezbollah militants.

Title: The Senate has confirmed Kristi Noem as homeland security secretary, putting the South Dakota governor in charge of a sprawling agency that is essential to national security and President Donald Trump’s plans to clamp down on illegal immigration.
Description: The Trump administration has fired about 17 independent inspectors general at federal agencies. The action removes oversight of his new administration, and some members of Congress are suggesting the dismissals violate federal oversight laws.

Title: Yemen’s Houthi rebels unilaterally release 153 war detainees, Red Cross says
Description: President Donald Trump has declared a national emergency on the border with Mexico, saying “America’s sovereignty is under attack.”

Title: Yemen’s Houthi rebels have unilaterally released 153 war detainees. That’s according to a statement Saturday from the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Description: The president of Haiti’s transitional presidential council has said that the Trump administration’s decisions to freeze aid programs, deport migrants and block refugees will be “catastrophic” for Haiti.

Title: North Korea says it tested cruise missile system and vows ‘toughest’ response to US
Description: The CIA now believes the virus responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic most likely originated from a laboratory.

Title: North Korea says it tested a cruise missile system, its third known weapons display this year, and vowed “the toughest” response to what it called the escalation of U.S.
Description: A Florida man has been arrested on charges of making online threats against President Donald Trump, police said Saturday.

Title: Trump leans into his pledge to eliminate taxes on tips at a Las Vegas rally
Description: Tens of thousands of Germans have protested in Berlin and other cities against the rise of the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany party ahead of the Feb. 23 election.

Title: President Donald Trump is crowing about his campaign pledge to eliminate taxes on tips. But at a Las Vegas rally Saturday, he stopped well short of offering details for making the slogan a reality.
Description: U.S. Senate confirmed Kristi Noem as homeland security secretary on Saturday, putting the South Dakota governor in charge of a sprawling agency that is essential to national security and President Donald Trump’s plans to clamp down on illegal immigration.

Title: Trump leans into his pledge to eliminate taxes on tips at a Las Vegas rally
Description: Pete Hegseth was sworn in Saturday as the nation’s 29th secretary of defense, quickly joining President Trump’s Cabinet after a dramatic late-night vote in the Senate installed him as the Pentagon’s leader.

Title: President Donald Trump is crowing about his campaign pledge to eliminate taxes on tips. But at a Las Vegas rally Saturday, he stopped well short of offering details for making the slogan a reality.
Description: Pete Hegseth has been sworn as the nation’s 29th secretary of defense. Hegseth took the oath Saturday in Washington from Vice President JD Vance less than 12 hours after a dramatic late-night vote in the Senate installed him as the Pentagon’s leader.

Title: More DEI fallout: Air Force scraps course that used videos of Tuskegee Airmen and female WWII pilots
Description: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy says the U.S. has not stopped military aid to Ukraine after newly sworn in U.S.

Title: The U.S. Air Force has removed training courses for service members that included historical videos of its storied Black Tuskegee Airmen and Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASPs — female World War II pilots.
Description: Job-seekers hoping to join the new Trump administration are facing a series of intense loyalty tests.

Title: AP Top Stories January 25 P
Description: As President Donald Trump cracks down on immigration, lawmakers in some Democratic-led states are proposing new ways to resist his efforts.

Title: Here’s the latest for Friday, Jan. 25th: Hamas frees 4 female Israeli soldiers in exchange for 200 Palestinian prisoners; Hegseth sworn in as defense secretary; Senate confirms Noem as homeland security chief; Trump’s stop in Las Vegas will focus on tips.
Description: Less than a week into his presidency, the Trump administration is touting deportation efforts and has published new rules making it easier to remove people.

Title: Middle East latest: Israel says it won’t complete its withdrawal from Lebanon by Sunday
Description: Donald Trump’s first week in office isn’t over yet, but what the Republican president has done so far offers clues about how his next four years in the White House may unfold.

Title: Israel’s military says it won’t complete its withdrawal from southern Lebanon by Sunday as outlined in its ceasefire agreement with Hezbollah militants.
Description: A group of American veterans and diplomats who served in Kyiv are teaming up with a Ukrainian winery owner to bring a taste of the Black Sea coast to a U.S. audience.

Title: Trump uses mass firing to remove independent inspectors general at a series of agencies
Description: Seven families are suing TikTok in France, accusing the platform of failing to moderate harmful content and exposing children to life-threatening material.

Title: The Trump administration has fired about 17 independent inspectors general at federal agencies. The action removes oversight of his new administration, and some members of Congress are suggesting the dismissals violate federal oversight laws.
Description: Allies of President Donald Trump have been quick to threaten primary challengers for Republican senators who don’t back Trump’s Cabinet picks and legislative priorities.

Title: Six hours with Border Patrol in San Diego. This is what AP journalists saw
Description: About two-thirds of fast food and counter workers in the U.S. are women, many supporting their families on those wages.

Title: President Donald Trump has declared a national emergency on the border with Mexico, saying “America’s sovereignty is under attack.”
Description: In the early days of President Donald Trump’s second term, Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski had openly challenged or rebuked him at least three times.

Title: Haitian leader says the Trump administration’s plans will be ‘catastrophic’ for his country
Description: There are still some unresolved races from the 2024 election, and one of them involves a seat on North Carolina’s highest court.

Title: The president of Haiti’s transitional presidential council has said that the Trump administration’s decisions to freeze aid programs, deport migrants and block refugees will be “catastrophic” for Haiti.
Description: The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.

